Allow checksum verification with standard tools (#13)
gradle/gradle-checksum: README.md

supported. Please file an issue or make a pull request if you need support
for some other hashing algorithm.

> If you want to automate the checksum verification with any of `md5sum`, `sha256sum`, `sha384sum` or `sha512sum` tool,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to append the filename to the checksum value, set `appendFileNameToChecksum` to true.
This makes it easier to automate the checksum verification with the `md5sum`, `sha256sum`, `sha384sum` or `sha512sum` tools.
```

supported. Please file an issue or make a pull request if you need support
for some other hashing algorithm.

If you want to append the filename to the checksum value, set `appendFileNameToChecksum` to true.
This makes it easier to automate the checksum verification with the `md5sum`, `sha256sum`, `sha384sum` or `sha512sum` tools.

> set the `appendFileNameToChecksum` flag to `true` (`false` by default):

Reviewer: This line is extraneous. The default information could be kept though.

Author: Good catch
